--- 
layout: post
title: Jekyll
date: January 30, 2012, 02:20 PM
---

Last year in September, I stumbled upon [Octopress](http://octopress.org/), a neat piece of software that lets you create a static (HTML only) blog easily. I downloaded it, and created a little test site. It was pretty neat, but at the time I didn't see the point to create a static site. Why go static when Wordpress and other blogging platforms exist? Dispite that, I played with Octopress a bit, fiddling with settings and seeing what results they would produce, but I didn't like the theme that it came with and converting a theme idea I had to Octopress's theming system seeemd hard.

Fast forward to this year, [Jekyll](http://jekyllrb.com/) entered the picture. Jekyll does the exact same thing as Octopress, but without all the nice, comfy, existing front-end. What did Jekyll come with? Nothing. The idea with Jekyll is that you build the site and Jekyll just assembles it all together. Cool! I could do anything I wanted with Jekyll...

# Why switch? #
Switching to a static site seems very odd today since there are scripting languages like PHP and Ruby which allow for dynamic websites created with Wordpress, Drupal, and other blog software. Why would I switch when there exists software like those which do the same thing plus much more?

The main reason for me is that I don't particularly like databases. Databases and I don't get together. I never liked having data in one place and then the frontend in another. It was a bit of a hassle to backup, because I had to do backup both the database and the frontend to be consistent.

Not only does Jekyll let me not have a database, it lets me have all my posts in a nice, easily-accessible format that any programming language can interpret.

Another reason that makes using Wordpress for my blog kinda silly is that the server is doing all the work over and over again. Its a pretty boring job for the server to fetch the same posts or the same page over and over again. I think thats kinda silly and inefficient. Why not just make pages and content that won't change often static?

# Starting Out #
When, I first started out, I did what anyone would do - I Googled for documentation and tutorials on Jekyll. Luckily, Jekyll comes with [a fair bit](https://github.com/mojombo/jekyll/wiki) of very nice documentation. There are also several nice tutorials on installing Jekyll and even moving Wordpress posts over to Jekyll. [Paul Stamatiou's tutorial](http://paulstamatiou.com/how-to-wordpress-to-jekyll) is a very nice post that explains a fair bit about what he did when he moved to Jekyll. You would certainly want to keep his post on hand if you're working on converting a Wordpress blog over to Jekyll.

That said, I don't want to explain too much on how exactly to install Jekyll or configuring it. I feel that this is very well documented throughout the internet and it shouldn't be too hard for any geek to get it up and running.

That said, if you haven't noticed by now, Jekyll does entail quite a bit more work than normal blogs, i.e. Wordpress and the such. [Octopress](http://octopress.org/) however does provide a nice scaffolding structure which you can use for a site right out of the box.